2024.8.1 (#34236)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-08-07-release-20248.markdown

will need to do so in the YAML configuration files.
{% endnote %}

## Patch releases

> We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.7 in July. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will also release patch releases for Home Assistant 2024.8 in August. These
```
